1.1_the software is almost always packaged with associated documentation such as
requirements, design models, and user manuals.


1.2_The specification of what the software should do is owned by the software developer 
and decisions on software change are madeby the developer but The specification of what
the software should do is owned by the customer for the software and they make decisions
 on software changes that are required.


1.3_It is usually cheaper, in the long run, to use software engineering methods and
techniques for software systems rather than just write the programs as if it was a personal
 programming project. For most types of system, the majority of costs are the costs of
 changing the software after it has gone into use


1.4_The examples of the ethical issued that have an impact on the domain is as follows:
Confidentiality:  When there is no security arrangement, and the theoretically facilitates
 the free exchange of information between both the client as well as the worker .
Competence:  It didn't distort the skill level in such a specific field or topic
, it is the talent or capacity.Intellectual property rights: It will be mindful 
of regional intellectual property laws in which the individuals over its mind's
 constructs are given over a certain amount of time.


1.5_


1.6_The mentioned fundamental software engineering principles are relevant to all types of
 software system because software system are not stationary, they need to be updated and
 maintained to work properly.


1.7_Electronic connectivity gives wi-fi conversation via the usage of modern technology like
 smartphones and laptop systems. In software program improvement, it's far critical for crew
 individuals to maintain songs in their character improvement processes. Electronic 
connectivity makes this manner especially stress-free.


1.8_Non-certified individuals can misapply software engineering processes, they might make
the software ineffective for what its designed for this could lead to a waste of resources.


1.9_ For each of the clauses in the ACM/IEEE Code of Ethics shown in Figure 1.4, propose an
appropriate example that illustrates that clause:
1) Public -> An example of acting in the public's interest is not to share any private information that the software
engineer has access to. This is an invasion of privacy and could lead to legal issues.
2) Client and Employer > A good software engineer will not let the needs of the client or the wants of the employer harm the public.
Being aware and the practice of good ethics in coding is something every software developer and client should discuss.
3) Product -> A good software engineer would not allow software to be released that they know is faulty and will crash.
4) Judgement > An example of using good judgement is, if a software engineer is approached by a client that wants them to build 
software that causes airplanes to crash, the software engineer knows that they must decline since although that may be in the client's
interest, it is not in the public's.
5) Management -> For example, Software engineering managers and leaders will not encourage employees to procrastinate
when they are aware there is a strict deadline coming up.
6) Profession -> For example, software engineers will not accept payment for inadequate software that they knowingly will not work as 
intended. This can be dangerous if dealing with personal information.
7) Colleagues -> An example of following this clause would be a software engineer not stealing their coworkers code without permission.
8) Self -> For example, a good software engineer will keep up with changes in technology and encourage their team to maintain 
their software
in perspective of these changes.



1.10_ To help counter terrorism, many countries are planning or have developed computer systems that
track large numbers of their citizens and their actions. Clearly, this has privacy implications. Discuss
the ethics of working on the development of this type of system.
**This is a tough decision. I personally believe that countries that are tracking their citizens for the protection of 
terrorism is a tool that can be dangerous in the hands of the government. I am totally against spying on citizens. One extreme 
example is the technology used in China to track their citizens and their behavior. This is too much information that 
no government should have.